Add Fleet as a method to deploy Cloudflare WARP client (#17606)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/partners/fleet.mdx

### 5. Install WARP with Fleet

To deploy the uploaded `.pkg` file to your hosts, refer to the [Fleet documentation](https://fleetdm.com/guides/deploy-software-packages).

### 6. Uninstall WARP with Fleet

To uninstall the Fleet-deployed WARP client:

1. In the Fleet admin console, select the host that requires the WARP client to be uninstalled.
2. Go to **Software** and search for `Cloudflare`.
3. In **Actions**, select **Uninstall**.

## Windows

### 1. Download WARP package for Windows

Visit the [Download page](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/download-warp/#windows) to review system requirements and download the installer for your operating system.

### 2. Upload WARP package to Fleet

To add the WARP client installer package for distribution to your hosts enrolled in Fleet:

1. In the Fleet admin console, go to **Software**.
2. From the **Teams** dropdown, select the team (group of hosts) that requires Cloudflare WARP.
3. Select **Add Software** and upload the `.msi` file that was previously downloaded.
4. (Optional) To allow users to install WARP from Fleet Desktop, select **Self-service**.

> 5. Select **Advanced options**.

Reviewer: Since I don’t have access to Fleet, can you confirm that these steps match the Fleet UI?
https://fleetdm.com/guides/deploy-software-packages#step-by-step-instructions

Author: yes, confirmed.

6. In **Install script**, replace the default script with the following:

```bash
$logFile = "${env:TEMP}/fleet-install-software.log"

try {

$installProcess = Start-Process msiexec.exe `
  -ArgumentList "/quiet /norestart ORGANIZATION=your-team-name SUPPORT_URL=https://example.com /lv ${logFile} /i `"${env:INSTALLER_PATH}`"" `
  -PassThru -Verb RunAs -Wait

Get-Content $logFile -Tail 500

Exit $installProcess.ExitCode

} catch {
  Write-Host "Error: $_"
  Exit 1
}
```

Refer to [deployment parameters](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/mdm-deployment/parameters/) for a description of each argument.

### 3. Install WARP with Fleet

> 

Reviewer: Should we provide UI instructions here like we do for "Uninstall WARP with Fleet"? And refer users to docs if they want to use Rest API or GitOps?

To deploy the uploaded `.msi` file to your hosts, refer to the [Fleet documentation](https://fleetdm.com/guides/deploy-software-packages).

### 4. Uninstall WARP with Fleet

To uninstall the Fleet-deployed WARP client:

1. In the Fleet admin console, select the host that requires the WARP client to be uninstalled.
2. Go to **Software** and search for `Cloudflare`.
3. In **Actions**, select **Uninstall**.

## Linux

> Fleet allows you to [execute custom scripts](https://fleetdm.com/guides/scripts) on Linux hosts. Your script should:

Reviewer: The Linux instructions would benefit from an example. Do you have an example install script that we could add?

Author: An example script to install on a Ubuntu 22.04 system:
```suggestion
Fleet allows you to [execute custom scripts](https://fleetdm.com/guides/scripts) on Linux hosts. An example script to install on an Ubuntu 22.04 host:

```
#!/bin/sh

# Add cloudflare gpg key
curl -fsSL https://pkg.cloudflareclient.com/pubkey.gpg | sudo gpg --yes --dearmor --output /usr/share/keyrings/cloudflare-warp-archive-keyring.gpg

# Add this repo to your apt repositories
echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/cloudflare-warp-archive-keyring.gpg] https://pkg.cloudflareclient.com/ $(lsb_release -cs) main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/cloudflare-client.list

# Install
sudo apt-get -y update && sudo apt-get -y install cloudflare-warp
```
```

Reviewer: Should this script also deploy the MDM file to the host? This is assuming you can't upload it to Linux hosts through a separate Fleet workflow, like with macOS.

Author: @ranbel added the mdm.xml to the script

Author: @ranbel does the above work for you?

Reviewer 2: Hey @dherder - Ranbel's on PTO this week, we'll pick this back up and get it pushed out early next. Thanks for checking in on it!

Reviewer: LGTM
